A long task is not automatically a good agent task.
The real question is whether the work has the structure an agent needs to make progress without inventing its own reality.
The first property is a concrete outcome.
Ask for a finished artifact or an observable system change: a cleaned dataset, a tested patch, a reconciled report, or a publishing draft prepared for review.
Compare that with a request like, help with marketing.
The topic is large, but success is invisible.
A better task names the audience, source material, output format, constraints, and the decision the result must support.
The second property is accessible context and tools.
The agent needs the real files, systems, references, and permissions required by the task.
If critical context exists only in someone's memory or in an inaccessible application, the task is not ready for independent execution.
The third property is trustworthy feedback.
A coding agent can run tests.
A data task can reconcile totals and validate a schema.
A browser task can verify that the page changed.
A research task can attach citations and flag unsupported claims.
Without feedback, an agent can continue moving while becoming less correct.
The fourth property is bounded risk.
Reading, drafting, and preparing are reversible.
Sending messages, spending money, deleting data, changing production, or publishing externally can create harm that is difficult to undo.
Those actions need narrow permissions and explicit approval points.
When a task has a concrete outcome, accessible context, trustworthy feedback, and bounded risk, delegation becomes an operating choice rather than a leap of faith.
Chapter recap.
First, define a concrete artifact or observable change.
Second, provide the context, tools, and feedback needed to judge progress.
Third, bound the risk before you increase autonomy.